Wow.
Yeah yeah
under her eyes.
That's what I like
That's so bad.
Isn't that like a power imbalance?
Yeah
Wow.
is that  boyfriend or is that
yeah
yeah No effort.
Yeah
Yeah, that's a dream but that's not a realistic goal.
Like she just wants someone to like screw her.
Yeah, exactly. exactly
Okay
i see
Okay, so I feel like if the lifestyle is what's different, I feel like that's understandable.
She didn't say like oh
yeah
Oh, yeah.
Okay,
ohhh
Was it a dinner date? or just (***)
okay okay
Yeah okay
yeah
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
That's a white braver? I know you said white braver.
I've never heard of a white person
okay
Well, I mean, that's a- I mean, I'm sure plenty of-
People grew up with Western media but still.
Don't excuse like
Yeah, maybe it's like exotic to her.
ha ha wow
I
Okay, like can you compare him to like...
a celebrity or someone we know.
Like what stereotype is he? Like a nerd type?
She looks like...
(***)
okay
ha ha ha
Okay
ha ha